you're promoting your content the wrong
way and today we're gonna fix that hey
everyone i'm neil patel today i'm gonna
break down everything that you taught
about content marketing promotion is
wrong
now before we get started make sure you
subscribe to this channel if you're on
youtube click the alert notification
question for you how much time do you
spend promoting your content every time
you write a blog post let me know is it
five minutes 30 minutes 1 hour 2 hours
10 hours let me know in the comments
below i'm curious
look not every content piece is worth
promoting
no matter how much cold outreach you do
if your intent is self-servicing you're
not going to get any of the free or paid
promotion working well for you
i want you to focus on helping other
creators audience you want to focus on
their audience's pain points their needs
their wants and you want to solve the
problem in a way that no one else did
you want to turn a written piece of
content into data visualization piece
you want to turn the written content
piece into video in other words you're
doing something unique that can help the
audience let me give you an example of
this
let's say
search engine land which is a popular
marketing site they link to this stat
post base you know from moz or base from
hrs or semrush if i turn that stat post
into a really cool image that helps
explain how seo works and i send it to
search into lan it helps the reader base
it helps them understand the stats
better they're much more likely to link
out to it so when i do promotion from
that aspect it works out so much better
than me just saying hey i wrote this
piece of content it's more detailed than
my competitors please link to it well
yes more detailed than your comparison
but why should i link to it what's the
benefit for me you had to figure out how
to make it beneficial to the other
audience so for example if you write
more detailed content than your
competition
and someone's linking to them and there
are articles on how to get more facebook
reach in 2021 and they're linked to like
hey this is how you're going to improve
your facebook reach well if 2022 is
coming up and their algorithms change or
2023 is coming up or 2024 is coming up
and their algorithm change then you can
talk about their updated algorithms in
each one same with google and you can be
like look here's what's working these
days here's the type of content pieces
that are working here's what's not
here's the overview synopsis here's even
a video that gives you overview and
sending out to people who are linking to
your competition they're more likely to
link to you because
that benefits their reader base and
gives them the latest and greatest
also
i don't want you to use cold outreach
templates they just don't work use your
own voice understand what works in your
templates and adjust your own
personality your own voice
etc
promoting your own brand can be more
powerful than also promoting your own
content so here's an example of that
you're probably like neil what are you
talking about promoting your own brand
versus your content seeing content
marketing everyone's like oh you got to
promote your content well a lot of times
i did stuff like i did a who is neil
patel campaign there's a ton of people
who are popular all over the world on
social media and they promoted my name
for example there was this buff dude who
probably could bench press like 300
pounds he put my name on his pecs and he
made him down
dance up and down on instagram posted
that cause a lot of people to get to
know me so now these people know i'm a
marketer and when they want marketing
content they go to me even though i'm
not promoting a piece of content it's
helping me build an audience which
causes all my content to be more popular
and just posting your content on social
media these days isn't enough you need
to tease people and try to negate their
pain points
you need to lead with the teaser piece
when you're trying to post on social
media and have that call to action so
then that way people want to go to your
website so for example when i post on
social media i'll start with a hook such
as the way you're promoting content is
all wrong
do you want to know how to do it the new
way well here's the latest and greatest
you see how i use the hook
that causes people from social to be
more likely to go to your website
and by telling people that or even
telling them to check out in-depth
pieces on your website from your social
channels that can help a little bit but
it doesn't work as well as that hook
that i just mentioned
and you don't want to waste time trying
to get the wrong brands to promote your
content if there's an audience mismatch
you're going to be wasting time
you don't want to focus only on the big
brands go after smaller brands that are
in your space even niche people don't
have a big audience something's better
than nothing
you want to focus on external content
promotion opportunities that make sense
that allow you to build your own
community that'll allow you to nurture
your community with content that only
they have access to
for example i may do a partnership with
entrepreneur do a webinar tell people
about all the latest and greatest on my
site have a landing page for them tell
them about it collect the email address
so that way i can foster nurture my own
commuter so if you need help building
your own community or promoting your own
content because you're not getting the
traffic that you want every time you
write a blog post check out my ad agency
np digital or if you just have any
questions on how to fix your promotion
leave a comment below i'm here to help
if you enjoyed this video like it share
it tell the people about it thank you
for watching